[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I'm going to ask you to listen
really carefully to something
I have learned over many years.
You seem to focus on the
specific problem within you.
You seem to treat
it as a weakness.
I'm going to ask you to release
these weaknesses that you
seem to focus on periodically.
They're not important
and they're not real.
They are false.
They are the expression
of false concepts
that have been
placed in your mind.
And as you release them, you
can feel yourself replacing
those perceived weaknesses
with a greater power
because you recognize
that they are false.
This is a much
more aware universe
and it calls for the
talent and ability
that you've obviously
demonstrated in so many areas.
And by releasing
these false concepts
that damage the image that you
have yourself, you're healed.
There are no scars because
they were all just illusions,
anyway.
And you've let them go.
You don't give them power.
You give all the power to the
talent and the consciousness
that you possess.
The image that is filling your
mind is one of genuine power,
of beauty and of love.
And the second you let
those false weaknesses go,
you felt illuminated.
A beautiful power
filled every molecule
of your consciousness
and this new power
is reflected now in
everything you do.
It's reflected in your smile, in
your handshake, in your caring
and touching the others.
You leave everyone with the
impression of greater good.
The next time you
see someone who
seems to be paying
attention to what you know
is a false concept,
share with them
how you released the illusions
that had held you back,
that had damaged
your self-esteem.
Let them know when you
released that there
were no scars because
they were just illusions.
And the beauty that is
expressed through you
touches everyone and
everything you do.
Just see the beauty.
That's all there is.
Everything else is
just an illusion.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I want to suggest
that you make up
your mind that every
minute of every day
is wisely invested so that
you will continue to grow.
Your mind is the greatest
power in all of creation
and your mind is ever seeking
greater expression, greater
expansion.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And know that everything you
own at the time of your passing
will belong to someone else.
But everything you
are is yours forever.
You're developing
a strong desire
to share that beautiful
truth with everyone
you come in contact with.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Make certain you never
sell yourself short.
If you have the slightest
desire to do something,
you've been blessed with the
power and the ability to do it.
Let's take a moment and
give thanks for that.
Mother Father God, thank you.
Thank you for this
beautiful awareness
and this awesome power
that we are blessed with.
[MUSIC PLAYING]